As for myself I'm often asked how I will pay for this or that.
When are we going to ask them how much is the cost of dying people because of pollution?
Because of climate catastrophes?
Because of poor treatments?
But you don't talk about numbers, Jean-Luc Mélenchon. We're already indebted in the order of
two thousand and a hundred thousand  billion euros.
Are we dropping the debt?
France is two thousand billion in debt,
96% of the GNP.
How do you mathematically solve the problem of the State making absolutely no money?
So, Nicolas, let's be frank, you're saying it costs too much...
Jean-Luc Mélenchon cannot back his project.
We understood from your project there was going to be a more important involvement of the State, a bigger public spending.
And then, they're making somersaults.
What an horror!
How much will it cost, Mr. Mélenchon?
How will you pay for it?
How will you, in a country with such a high debt, more than 2000 billion euros, and a rate of compulsory levy that is amongst the highest in the world?
Does no-one have a programme?
No, no-one has a coherent and calculated programme.
We still don't know with accuracy, as voters,
what will each of the candidates do.
They still have not told us how they expect to pay for it...
By making us believe that retirement at 60 years old is possible, Jean-Luc Mélenchon is lying to us.
So, not believable?
Meh, no believable, Mélenchon, obviously.
The difference between dreamers and non-dreamers, it's the budget, it's when everything is accounted for in the elements of the programme!
There is a lot of spending in your programme.
Can you give us a number,
because I assume that you calculated it?
In expenses, how much will it cost?
- Do you have the number?
- JLM: Yes.
- Because when you're the head of State, numbers are important, or so I think.
JLM: Of course, the time for numbers will come, don't worry.